The Oculus AP project idea is to create and implement a dynamic real-time interface between a video camera and a virtual reality headset; allowing the wearer of the headset to see from the perspective of the camera. 
    
    The “castle in the sky” idea of this project is to have the camera mounted on the bottom of an airplane while the user sits inside the airplane flying around. The camera is to supply a real-time image feed of the outside environment to a user situated inside the airplane wearing a VR headset. The key feature of this setup is for the camera to respond with a constantly updated feed based on which direction the user moves his or her head. The response of the camera feed must be instantaneous in order to avoid motion-sickness of the viewer. The initial version of this project will contain a single webcam for the video source. If there is time and resources to expand this project, there will be an upgrade to work with two cameras. This will add better depth perception to the Oculus Rift along with expanding the field of view. Most webcams only have a field of view of 60 degrees and humans have a field of view around 120 degrees, the second camera would be able to solve this. Along with making the viewing experience more comfortable, the addition of another nicer camera along with the webcams would allow the user to aim the camera with the webcams, while using the nicer camera to photograph in higher quality.
 
 The project has a couple audiences that it will be targeted towards. The first would be aerial photographers because, currently taking photographs out of an airplane window is rather difficult. You have to make sure that you don’t get any bits of the airplane in your photo, you have to make sure you can focus through the window without the glare grabbing the focus, and you have to make sure that every photo has correct coordinates from a GPS enabled device. The project has solutions for all of these problems. The second audience that this software would be great for is search and rescue teams. When search and rescue teams are needed, when they fly over an area it can be hard to see on the ground where people might be if they aren’t making a lot of visible signs. The hope with the project is that you could use the zoom and the better angle on the bottom of the plane to get a better view of everything the plane flies over. The project would be able to speed up the process of sweeping areas which could make a huge difference.
